Docs for SoftwareOATH (#12938)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/softwareoathauthenticationmethod-get.md

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### Permissions acting on self

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

### Permissions acting on other users

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |

> For delegated scenarios where an admin is acting on another user, the admin needs [one of the following roles](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/directory-assign-admin-roles#available-roles):
> * Global admin
> * Global reader
> * Privileged authentication admin
> * Authentication admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When acting on another user, the calling user needs to belong to one of the following directory roles. To learn more about directory roles, see [Azure AD built-in roles](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/directory-assign-admin-roles#available-roles):
* Global administrator
* Privileged authentication administrator
* Authentication administrator
```

Author: Same as other comment.

Author: Done

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /me/authentication/softwareOathAuthenticationMethods/{id}
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/softwareOathAuthenticationMethods/{id}
```

## Optional query parameters

> This method supports some of the OData query parameters to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

Author: We have removed this section on all other methods that don't support optional query parameters, for consistency I would recommend removing it on these docs as well
